[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~]% ls                          [97]Applications/      Dropbox/           Music/             hs_err_pid445.logDesktop/           Edgar/             Pictures/          mobydick.txtDocuments/         Library/           Poe/               zsh_dotfiles.tarDownloads/         Movies/            Public/[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~]% cd Documents                [98][jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Documents]% ls                [99]A designer as an author – Agree or disagree.docxDetroit.zipEssay_Speak_JeaninevanBerkel.docxEssay_Speak_JeaninevanBerkel.pdfEssay_brief.docxFake_it.jpgHP_halfa4tje.docxInterview_01.inddLieve Jason.docxMaart.docxMicrosoft User Data/Nikki_huis.jpgOrder bevestiging.pdfPresentatie_D.docxPresentatie_Detroit map/Presentatie_Detroit.inddPresentatie_vooropleiding/Processing/Space_riso.pdfSpace_riso.psdSpace_riso_02.pdfSpace_riso_03.pdfSymposium.jpgTestfiles/Verlanglijstje.docxVertigo_onderzoek_begin.inddwefakeit.jpgzsh_testfiles.tar[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Documents]% ~                [100]zsh: permission denied: /Users/jeaninevanberkel[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Documents]% ls               [101]A designer as an author – Agree or disagree.docxDetroit.zipEssay_Speak_JeaninevanBerkel.docxEssay_Speak_JeaninevanBerkel.pdfEssay_brief.docxFake_it.jpgHP_halfa4tje.docxInterview_01.inddLieve Jason.docxMaart.docxMicrosoft User Data/Nikki_huis.jpgOrder bevestiging.pdfPresentatie_D.docxPresentatie_Detroit map/Presentatie_Detroit.inddPresentatie_vooropleiding/Processing/Space_riso.pdfSpace_riso.psdSpace_riso_02.pdfSpace_riso_03.pdfSymposium.jpgTestfiles/Verlanglijstje.docxVertigo_onderzoek_begin.inddwefakeit.jpgzsh_testfiles.tar[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Documents]% cd ~             [102][jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~]% ls                         [103]Applications/      Dropbox/           Music/             hs_err_pid445.logDesktop/           Edgar/             Pictures/          mobydick.txtDocuments/         Library/           Poe/               zsh_dotfiles.tarDownloads/         Movies/            Public/[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~]% cd Pictures                [104][jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures]% ls                [105]923379_10202007131682356_438061212_n_1024.jpgCV/Design Research/Digital Media/Foto's-bibliotheek.photoslibrary/Frankie/Graphic Design/Haruki Murakami.inddIMG_9329_01.jpgIMG_9410_01.jpgNS.band/Photo Booth-bibliotheek/Robin.inddRobin.jpgRobin.pdfRobin.psdSchermafbeeldingen/Skull 3.jpgiChat Icons@[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures]% cd Digital\ Media [jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% ls  [107]Algorithmic-Nature/ Data_and_files/     Random/             text-IO/Data Structure/     Fibonacci/          Terminal/[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% mkdir Poe[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% ls  [109]Algorithmic-Nature/ Data_and_files/     Poe/                Terminal/Data Structure/     Fibonacci/          Random/             text-IO/[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% curl http://www.gutenberg.org/files/2147/2147-8.txt > vol1.txt  % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed100  537k  100  537k    0     0   204k      0  0:00:02  0:00:02 --:--:--  204k[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% curl http://www.gutenberg.org/files/2148/2148-8.txt > vol2.txt  % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed100  566k  100  566k    0     0   262k      0  0:00:02  0:00:02 --:--:--  262k[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% curl http://www.gutenberg.org/files/2149/2149-8.txt > vol3.txt  % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed100  582k  100  582k    0     0   278k      0  0:00:02  0:00:02 --:--:--  278k[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% curl http://www.gutenberg.org/files/2147/2147-8.txt > vol4.txt  % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed100  537k  100  537k    0     0   322k      0  0:00:01  0:00:01 --:--:--  322k[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% curl http://www.gutenberg.org/files/2147/2147-8.txt > vol5.txt  % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed100  537k  100  537k    0     0   265k      0  0:00:02  0:00:02 --:--:--  265k[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% mv *.txt Poe[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% 1   [116]~/Pictures[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures]% cd Digital\ Media [jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% ls  [117]Algorithmic-Nature/ Data_and_files/     Poe/                Terminal/Data Structure/     Fibonacci/          Random/             text-IO/[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: ~/Pictures/Digital Media]% cd Poe[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: Pictures/Digital Media/Poe]% lsvol1.txt  vol2.txt  vol3.txt  vol4.txt  vol5.txt[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: Pictures/Digital Media/Poe]% grep -c 'dog' *.txtvol1.txt:10vol2.txt:17vol3.txt:23vol4.txt:10vol5.txt:10[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: Pictures/Digital Media/Poe]% grep -c 'cat' *.txtvol1.txt:132vol2.txt:134vol3.txt:114vol4.txt:132vol5.txt:132[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: Pictures/Digital Media/Poe]% grep -n 'horror' *.txtvol1.txt:583:subtle ramifications of its roots. In raising images of horror, also,vol1.txt:585:some terrible _doubt _which is the secret of all horror. He leaves tovol1.txt:609:the unreal as sources of effect. They have not used dread and horrorvol1.txt:1367:any adequate idea of the horror of my situation. I gasped convulsivelyvol1.txt:1392:nor horror-stricken. If I felt any emotion at all, it was a kind ofvol1.txt:1437:die rapidly away, and thereunto succeeded horror, and dismay, and avol1.txt:2333:can give any adequate idea of the extreme, the absolute horror andvol1.txt:5003:every one present not less with horror than with astonishment.vol1.txt:5327:horror of the thing. But dismiss the idle opinions of this print. Itvol1.txt:5665:brutal, a butchery without motive, a _grotesquerie_ in horror absolutelyvol1.txt:5720:to all. I understood the full horrors of the murder at once.vol1.txt:5934:fell from his hold through excess of horror. Now it was that thosevol1.txt:5959:horror, was just discernible. The fury of the beast, who no doubt borevol1.txt:5974:Frenchman's exclamations of horror and affright, commingled with thevol1.txt:7596:in fact, a secret. The horrors of this dark deed are known only to one,vol1.txt:7693:unutterable horror at finding that the boat has been picked up andvol1.txt:8475:attended us. All around were horror, and thick gloom, and a blackvol1.txt:8513:mainly inspired us with horror and astonishment, was that she bore upvol1.txt:8711:To conceive the horror of my sensations is, I presume, utterlyvol1.txt:8728:horror upon horror! the ice opens suddenly to the right, and to thevol2.txt:1535:of the magnificence, or of the horror of the scene--or of the wildvol2.txt:1736:horror--for he put his mouth close to my ear, and screamed out the wordvol2.txt:1793:the place at all. As it was, I involuntarily closed my eyes in horror.vol2.txt:1875:"Never shall I forget the sensations of awe, horror, and admiration withvol2.txt:2015:removed) speechless from the memory of its horror. Those who drew me onvol2.txt:2971:then present had been unaccustomed to death-bed horrors; but so hideousvol2.txt:3007:unutterable, shuddering horror which these few words, thus uttered, werevol2.txt:3173:the night's debauch--I experienced a sentiment half of horror, half ofvol2.txt:3309:and horror with which the animal inspired me, had been heightened by onevol2.txt:3438:howl--a wailing shriek, half of horror and half of triumph, such asvol2.txt:3656:instruments, which did not inspire him with horror.vol2.txt:3905:horror, we partially turned aside the yet unscrewed lid of the coffin,vol2.txt:3955:intense sentiment of horror, unaccountable yet unendurable, I threw onvol2.txt:4284:redness and the horror of blood. There were sharp pains, and suddenvol2.txt:4424:surprise--then, finally, of terror, of horror, and of disgust.vol2.txt:4443:was besprinkled with the scarlet horror.vol2.txt:4488:horror at finding the grave-cerements and corpse-like mask which theyvol2.txt:4941:horror become merged in a cloud of unnamable feeling. By gradations,vol2.txt:4948:delight of its horror. It is merely the idea of what would be ourvol2.txt:5714:delirious horror, the soft and nearly imperceptible waving of the sablevol2.txt:5764:interminableness of the descent. They tell also of a vague horror atvol2.txt:5825:thronging upon my recollection a thousand vague rumors of the horrors ofvol2.txt:5901:or death with its most hideous moral horrors. I had been reserved forvol2.txt:5965:my side on the floor. I saw, to my horror, that the pitcher had beenvol2.txt:5966:removed. I say to my horror; for I was consumed with intolerable thirst.vol2.txt:5996:idea that had perceptibly descended. I now observed--with what horror itvol2.txt:6006:agents--the pit whose horrors had been destined for so bold a recusantvol2.txt:6016:What boots it to tell of the long, long hours of horror more thanvol2.txt:6156:my wooden bed of horror upon the stone floor of the prison, when thevol2.txt:6188:A richer tint of crimson diffused itself over the pictured horrors ofvol2.txt:6198:reason.--Oh! for a voice to speak!--oh! horror!--oh! any horror butvol2.txt:6399:no sooner was he awake than he became fully aware of the awful horrorsvol2.txt:6482:which still palpitates, a degree of appalling and intolerable horrorvol2.txt:6550:the grim Darkness overspread the Earth, then, with every horror ofvol2.txt:6607:unstrung, and I fell a prey to perpetual horror. I hesitated to ride, orvol2.txt:7777:been already too much an object for the scorn--for the horror--for thevol2.txt:7804:am I not now dying a victim to the horror and the mystery of the wildestvol2.txt:8148:possessed with an objectless yet intolerable horror. Gasping forvol2.txt:8346:I say that I felt all the horrors of the damned? Most assuredly I hadvol2.txt:8392:from Oxford to the continent, in a perfect agony of horror and of shame.vol2.txt:8491:astonishment, that horror which possessed me at the spectacle thenvol2.txt:8698:horror!-this I thought, and this I think. But anything was better thanvol2.txt:8958:dreams a cry as of horror and dismay; and thereunto, after a pause,vol2.txt:8974:comprehension. Yet its memory was replete with horror--horror morevol2.txt:9152:involved a penalty the exceeding great horror of which will not permitvol3.txt:746:description. Every species of calamity and horror befell me. Among othervol3.txt:897:My sensations were those of extreme horror and dismay. In vain Ivol3.txt:1086:horror with which I was inspired by the fragmentary warning thusvol3.txt:1112:horrors which encompassed me. For another twenty-four hours it wasvol3.txt:1453:What was his grief and horror in discovering that the latter hadvol3.txt:2375:visitation, and that the appalling horror which has sometimes beenvol3.txt:2378:anticipative horror, lest the apparition might possibly be real, thanvol3.txt:2408:pitiable objects of horror and utter despair my eyes ever encountered.vol3.txt:2605:us more fully the horrors which surrounded us. The brig was a merevol3.txt:2825:extremes first of delight and then of horror, than even any of thevol3.txt:2899:of her decks. Shall I ever forget the triple horror of that spectacle?vol3.txt:2907:raving with horror and despair--thoroughly mad through the anguish ofvol3.txt:3083:indescribable state of weakness and horror, brought on by the wine,vol3.txt:3323:the tumultuous dangers of the storm or the gradually approaching horrorsvol3.txt:3376:horror of their reality. Let it suffice to say that, having in somevol3.txt:3678:horror at the sound.vol3.txt:5335:horror not to be tolerated--never to be conceived.vol3.txt:5651:expressions of mingled horror, rage, and intense curiosity depictedvol3.txt:5913:all imagined horrors crowding upon me in fact. I felt my knees strikevol3.txt:5918:the cliff; and, with a wild, indefinable emotion, half of horror, halfvol3.txt:6884:unutterable horror and awe, for which the language of mortality has novol3.txt:6906:listened--in extremity of horror. The sound came again--it was a sigh.vol3.txt:6928:horrors of that night? Why shall I pause to relate how, time aftervol3.txt:7021:horror, and the most beautiful became the most hideous, as Hinnon becamevol3.txt:7111:gloom, and horror, and grief swept over it in clouds. I said the childvol3.txt:7143:and horror, for a worm that would not die.vol3.txt:7487:an unaccountable sentiment of horror has hitherto prevented me fromvol3.txt:7507:altogether horrorless curiosity respecting yourself.vol3.txt:7896:I stood petrified with horror and rage. I endeavored to reply, but myvol3.txt:8652:the plunderer himself was often scared away by the horrors his ownvol3.txt:8668:footsteps must have been palsied by the horrors of their situation. Thevol3.txt:8787:manner, with a fit of what Tarpaulin called "the horrors." His jaws,vol3.txt:8997:with bottles of junk. The man with the horrors was drowned upon thevol4.txt:583:subtle ramifications of its roots. In raising images of horror, also,vol4.txt:585:some terrible _doubt _which is the secret of all horror. He leaves tovol4.txt:609:the unreal as sources of effect. They have not used dread and horrorvol4.txt:1367:any adequate idea of the horror of my situation. I gasped convulsivelyvol4.txt:1392:nor horror-stricken. If I felt any emotion at all, it was a kind ofvol4.txt:1437:die rapidly away, and thereunto succeeded horror, and dismay, and avol4.txt:2333:can give any adequate idea of the extreme, the absolute horror andvol4.txt:5003:every one present not less with horror than with astonishment.vol4.txt:5327:horror of the thing. But dismiss the idle opinions of this print. Itvol4.txt:5665:brutal, a butchery without motive, a _grotesquerie_ in horror absolutelyvol4.txt:5720:to all. I understood the full horrors of the murder at once.vol4.txt:5934:fell from his hold through excess of horror. Now it was that thosevol4.txt:5959:horror, was just discernible. The fury of the beast, who no doubt borevol4.txt:5974:Frenchman's exclamations of horror and affright, commingled with thevol4.txt:7596:in fact, a secret. The horrors of this dark deed are known only to one,vol4.txt:7693:unutterable horror at finding that the boat has been picked up andvol4.txt:8475:attended us. All around were horror, and thick gloom, and a blackvol4.txt:8513:mainly inspired us with horror and astonishment, was that she bore upvol4.txt:8711:To conceive the horror of my sensations is, I presume, utterlyvol4.txt:8728:horror upon horror! the ice opens suddenly to the right, and to thevol5.txt:583:subtle ramifications of its roots. In raising images of horror, also,vol5.txt:585:some terrible _doubt _which is the secret of all horror. He leaves tovol5.txt:609:the unreal as sources of effect. They have not used dread and horrorvol5.txt:1367:any adequate idea of the horror of my situation. I gasped convulsivelyvol5.txt:1392:nor horror-stricken. If I felt any emotion at all, it was a kind ofvol5.txt:1437:die rapidly away, and thereunto succeeded horror, and dismay, and avol5.txt:2333:can give any adequate idea of the extreme, the absolute horror andvol5.txt:5003:every one present not less with horror than with astonishment.vol5.txt:5327:horror of the thing. But dismiss the idle opinions of this print. Itvol5.txt:5665:brutal, a butchery without motive, a _grotesquerie_ in horror absolutelyvol5.txt:5720:to all. I understood the full horrors of the murder at once.vol5.txt:5934:fell from his hold through excess of horror. Now it was that thosevol5.txt:5959:horror, was just discernible. The fury of the beast, who no doubt borevol5.txt:5974:Frenchman's exclamations of horror and affright, commingled with thevol5.txt:7596:in fact, a secret. The horrors of this dark deed are known only to one,vol5.txt:7693:unutterable horror at finding that the boat has been picked up andvol5.txt:8475:attended us. All around were horror, and thick gloom, and a blackvol5.txt:8513:mainly inspired us with horror and astonishment, was that she bore upvol5.txt:8711:To conceive the horror of my sensations is, I presume, utterlyvol5.txt:8728:horror upon horror! the ice opens suddenly to the right, and to the[jeaninevanberkel@MacBook-Air-van-Jeanine: Pictures/Digital Media/Poe]%   [123]