{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 [gebruiker@macbook-pro-maarten: ~/Documents/EdgarAllanPoe]% grep -n "horror" vol1.txt                       [121]\
583:subtle ramifications of its roots. In raising images of horror, also,\
585:some terrible _doubt _which is the secret of all horror. He leaves to\
609:the unreal as sources of effect. They have not used dread and horror\
1367:any adequate idea of the horror of my situation. I gasped convulsively\
1392:nor horror-stricken. If I felt any emotion at all, it was a kind of\
1437:die rapidly away, and thereunto succeeded horror, and dismay, and a\
2333:can give any adequate idea of the extreme, the absolute horror and\
5003:every one present not less with horror than with astonishment.\
5327:horror of the thing. But dismiss the idle opinions of this print. It\
5665:brutal, a butchery without motive, a _grotesquerie_ in horror absolutely\
5720:to all. I understood the full horrors of the murder at once.\
5934:fell from his hold through excess of horror. Now it was that those\
5959:horror, was just discernible. The fury of the beast, who no doubt bore\
5974:Frenchman's exclamations of horror and affright, commingled with the\
7596:in fact, a secret. The horrors of this dark deed are known only to one,\
7693:unutterable horror at finding that the boat has been picked up and\
8475:attended us. All around were horror, and thick gloom, and a black\
8513:mainly inspired us with horror and astonishment, was that she bore up\
8711:To conceive the horror of my sensations is, I presume, utterly\
8728:horror upon horror! the ice opens suddenly to the right, and to the\
[gebruiker@macbook-pro-maarten: ~/Documents/EdgarAllanPoe]% grep -n "horror" vol2.txt                       [123]\
1535:of the magnificence, or of the horror of the scene--or of the wild\
1736:horror--for he put his mouth close to my ear, and screamed out the word\
1793:the place at all. As it was, I involuntarily closed my eyes in horror.\
1875:"Never shall I forget the sensations of awe, horror, and admiration with\
2015:removed) speechless from the memory of its horror. Those who drew me on\
2971:then present had been unaccustomed to death-bed horrors; but so hideous\
3007:unutterable, shuddering horror which these few words, thus uttered, were\
3173:the night's debauch--I experienced a sentiment half of horror, half of\
3309:and horror with which the animal inspired me, had been heightened by one\
3438:howl--a wailing shriek, half of horror and half of triumph, such as\
3656:instruments, which did not inspire him with horror.\
3905:horror, we partially turned aside the yet unscrewed lid of the coffin,\
3955:intense sentiment of horror, unaccountable yet unendurable, I threw on\
4284:redness and the horror of blood. There were sharp pains, and sudden\
4424:surprise--then, finally, of terror, of horror, and of disgust.\
4443:was besprinkled with the scarlet horror.\
4488:horror at finding the grave-cerements and corpse-like mask which they\
4941:horror become merged in a cloud of unnamable feeling. By gradations,\
4948:delight of its horror. It is merely the idea of what would be our\
5714:delirious horror, the soft and nearly imperceptible waving of the sable\
5764:interminableness of the descent. They tell also of a vague horror at\
5825:thronging upon my recollection a thousand vague rumors of the horrors of\
5901:or death with its most hideous moral horrors. I had been reserved for\
5965:my side on the floor. I saw, to my horror, that the pitcher had been\
5966:removed. I say to my horror; for I was consumed with intolerable thirst.\
5996:idea that had perceptibly descended. I now observed--with what horror it\
6006:agents--the pit whose horrors had been destined for so bold a recusant\
6016:What boots it to tell of the long, long hours of horror more than\
6156:my wooden bed of horror upon the stone floor of the prison, when the\
6188:A richer tint of crimson diffused itself over the pictured horrors of\
6198:reason.--Oh! for a voice to speak!--oh! horror!--oh! any horror but\
6399:no sooner was he awake than he became fully aware of the awful horrors\
6482:which still palpitates, a degree of appalling and intolerable horror\
6550:the grim Darkness overspread the Earth, then, with every horror of\
6607:unstrung, and I fell a prey to perpetual horror. I hesitated to ride, or\
7777:been already too much an object for the scorn--for the horror--for the\
7804:am I not now dying a victim to the horror and the mystery of the wildest\
8148:possessed with an objectless yet intolerable horror. Gasping for\
8346:I say that I felt all the horrors of the damned? Most assuredly I had\
8392:from Oxford to the continent, in a perfect agony of horror and of shame.\
8491:astonishment, that horror which possessed me at the spectacle then\
8698:horror!-this I thought, and this I think. But anything was better than\
8958:dreams a cry as of horror and dismay; and thereunto, after a pause,\
8974:comprehension. Yet its memory was replete with horror--horror more\
9152:involved a penalty the exceeding great horror of which will not permit\
[gebruiker@macbook-pro-maarten: ~/Documents/EdgarAllanPoe]% grep -n "horror" vol3.txt                       [124]\
746:description. Every species of calamity and horror befell me. Among other\
897:My sensations were those of extreme horror and dismay. In vain I\
1086:horror with which I was inspired by the fragmentary warning thus\
1112:horrors which encompassed me. For another twenty-four hours it was\
1453:What was his grief and horror in discovering that the latter had\
2375:visitation, and that the appalling horror which has sometimes been\
2378:anticipative horror, lest the apparition might possibly be real, than\
2408:pitiable objects of horror and utter despair my eyes ever encountered.\
2605:us more fully the horrors which surrounded us. The brig was a mere\
2825:extremes first of delight and then of horror, than even any of the\
2899:of her decks. Shall I ever forget the triple horror of that spectacle?\
2907:raving with horror and despair--thoroughly mad through the anguish of\
3083:indescribable state of weakness and horror, brought on by the wine,\
3323:the tumultuous dangers of the storm or the gradually approaching horrors\
3376:horror of their reality. Let it suffice to say that, having in some\
3678:horror at the sound.\
5335:horror not to be tolerated--never to be conceived.\
5651:expressions of mingled horror, rage, and intense curiosity depicted\
5913:all imagined horrors crowding upon me in fact. I felt my knees strike\
5918:the cliff; and, with a wild, indefinable emotion, half of horror, half\
6884:unutterable horror and awe, for which the language of mortality has no\
6906:listened--in extremity of horror. The sound came again--it was a sigh.\
6928:horrors of that night? Why shall I pause to relate how, time after\
7021:horror, and the most beautiful became the most hideous, as Hinnon became\
7111:gloom, and horror, and grief swept over it in clouds. I said the child\
7143:and horror, for a worm that would not die.\
7487:an unaccountable sentiment of horror has hitherto prevented me from\
7507:altogether horrorless curiosity respecting yourself.\
7896:I stood petrified with horror and rage. I endeavored to reply, but my\
8652:the plunderer himself was often scared away by the horrors his own\
8668:footsteps must have been palsied by the horrors of their situation. The\
8787:manner, with a fit of what Tarpaulin called "the horrors." His jaws,\
8997:with bottles of junk. The man with the horrors was drowned upon the\
[gebruiker@macbook-pro-maarten: ~/Documents/EdgarAllanPoe]% grep -n "horror" vol4.txt                       [125]\
816:box with a blindfold impetuosity--but who shall describe his horror when\
1067:to the wall. To his extreme horror and astonishment, the head of the\
1229:recoil in horror from the deep and impressive meaning of his terrible\
1300:haste in the first place, and, in the second, a very usual horror at the\
2002:emotions of wonder and horror with which I gazed, when, leaping\
2622:my head gently to one side, I perceived, to my extreme horror, that the\
2675:But now a new horror presented itself, and one indeed sufficient to\
5004:insignificance, when to my extreme horror and astonishment I discovered\
5221:the belligerents, and throwing open the sash to their extreme horror and\
7736:terror, of horror, or of wo. You alone, habited in a white robe, passed\
8038:general lamentation and horror. This first sense of pain lay in a\
8059:details, of the fiery and horror-inspiring denunciations of the\
8166:And then did we, the seven, start from our seats in horror, and stand\
[gebruiker@macbook-pro-maarten: ~/Documents/EdgarAllanPoe]% grep -n "horror" vol5.txt                       [126]\
612:on its breast, with a feeling or horror and awe--with a sentiment of\
1057:shrieks of the multitude who gazed at them from below, horror-stricken,\
1099:takes up a burthen so heavy in horror that it can be thrown down only\
1874:seem to be rendered torpid, so that they have a horror of any thing like\
2235:room fainted outright through sheer horror. But after the first wild,\
4441:     And thy Angel I'll be, 'mid the horrors of this,--\
5252:             What a horror they outpour\
6923:  With horror and awe!}